hey guys welcome to my Razer chroma
series video make sure you hit that
subscribe button for daily tech videos
I'm going to move that reminder to the
beginning of my video see if that makes
a difference anyway don't worry too much
about that now RGB custom color headsets
and mice aren't exactly new and neither
are the razer deathadder mouse kraken
7.1 headset or Black Widow ultimate 2014
but this is the first time we've seen
those two things together
coolermaster neptune series CPU coolers
are available in a variety of radiator
sizes to perfectly suit your next build
click now to learn more let's start with
the simplest of the three the Kraken 7.1
chroma which is basically just a
straight carbon copy of the Kraken 7.1
but I'll give you guys a brief rundown
on it anyway it's got 40 millimeter
neodymium drivers a headband with size
adjustments and folding the ear cups
swivel for a good fit against your head
and it connects to your PC with a
braided USB cable the software includes
surround calibration some dials that you
can use to tune the integrated sound
card
I'd recommend turning down bass boost by
the way more on that in a minute a mixer
in case the one in Windows wasn't enough
for some reason and EQ which is actually
nice to have included and finally
lighting controls of course you can
choose between any solid color breathing
in any color and cycling through the
entire 16 point eight million color
spectrum and I guess this seems like a
good opportunity to point out how
responsive and bug-free the software is
but also how limited these options are
to color breathing and breathing rates
as well as color cycle speed adjustments
would be welcome additions to this
product if I thought it made any sense
to buy it anyway unless you must have
RGB lighting on your headset I don't
really recommend the Kraken 7.1 at $100
even with bass boost off lows are very
overpowered to my ears and the
microphone is well all I forgot to press
record over here so I'm going to do that
now and I will let you evaluate that for
yourself now while I'm sure min-liang is
in the process of writing an angry tweet
to me I guess
this might help to stay his hand because
with the DeathAdder chroma it's a very
different story this seems to have
gotten some very tangible improvements
over the death out of 2013 ergonomics
are still a strong point the rubber side
grips still feel great but now the
braided cord is one of the best i've
ever encountered with almost no kink
left after back bending the right and
left click are significantly heavier so
I don't accidentally press them
constantly and the sensor has been I
don't know what word you'd want to use
for this type of interpolation
tomfoolery so let's just say overclocked
to 10,000 dpi or CPI if you prefer from
6400 in the original death out of 2013
so next time you're gaming at the local
IMAX you can crank that the lighting is
better implemented than with the Kraken
but still kind of incomplete feeling the
Razer logo on the back supports the same
modes as the Krakens so solid breathing
and cycling but the scroll wheel doesn't
support breathing for some reason so
that's the bad news the good news though
is that unlike the headset the mouse
supports different lighting schemes when
your mouse profiles Auto switch as you
launch various programs great inclusion
and I really like how smooth the color
transitions are very neat which leads us
finally to the Black Widow ultimate
chroma this is my second Black Widow
ultimate 2014 and if you didn't show me
the lighting tab in the software well I
probably would never know the difference
you can get my full thoughts in a review
here but in a nutshell it's still got a
matte black finish with subtle frosted
lock key lighting and a shiny Razer logo
at the bottom it's still got five extra
macro keys on an otherwise standard
layout where every key is fully
programmable and however you may feel
about this it still uses razor's own
branded mechanical keys which is
manufactured by Kyla and China due to
the constraints apply of Cherry MX
switches back to that lighting tab in
the software again though the keyboard
obviously got the most attention from
razor's deads in addition to auto
profile switching and the modes that the
other devices support the keyboard gets
a suite wave pattern that can run either
left to right or right to left but
regrettably doesn't support custom
colors or speed alterations it gets a
reactive mode
that fades incredibly smoothly it looks
really nice and a custom mode that you
can use to either apply profiles for a
variety of genres or even specific games
or build your own according to your
preference I went with a combination of
hot pink and purple that I think looks
absolutely fabulous so its conclusion
time and I'm finally going to address
the elephant in the room
Razors chroma products are not the only
RGB gaming products to be released in
the last month or so so who has the best
RGB product lineup razor or coarser
we'll start with the headset the revised
H 1500 from Corsair sounds much more
balanced than the Kraken and is more
comfortable for me but unfortunately not
only lacks RGB lighting but has a
horrendous yellow accent to go along
with the new trance tent logo and so
there you go frankly I wouldn't use
either of them so we'll call the headset
a dry guess on two mice Corsair would
have had a shot at this if they've done
an M 45 RGB instead of an M 65 RGB
because I really like the shape of their
mice and the M 45 uses an excellent
sensor along with a firmware that
doesn't GIMP it too hard
a combination that's surprisingly
difficult to find but even though
Corsair has more lighting zones due to
the m60 5's use of a laser sensor with
inherent acceleration I have got to give
the nod to the Razer DeathAdder chroma
which leads us to keyboards and general
thoughts I guess both razors and
Corsairs implementations feel a bit
rushed to me but in different ways Razer
hides it a lot better than Corsair
because the synapse 2.0 interface even
though the functionality hasn't been
changed since the old keyboard and the
lighting modes are very limited is super
easy to use and this allows Razer to
gracefully without end user confusion
add more features as time goes on
whereas Corsair built in shed loads of
functionality on day one lots of extra
lighting modes and some really cool
program ability that makes their RGB
line a serious improvement over their
original K line but overlooked some
basics like default profiles for
lighting modes and then they went and
shipped the keyboard with 140 page
manual that you will legitimately have
to read in order to do any
with it not a great end-user experience
but software will improve for both so
let's focus on the hardware trade-offs
for now razors backlight is noticeably
brighter but Corsairs
is theoretically less prone to LED
failure due to electrostatic discharge
razor has passed through four USB and
audio however poorly positioned they
might be while corsair includes
dedicated media keys razor includes
macro keys on there one $69.99 model
while corsair provides them only on the
20-dollar step-up k95 model and in terms
of looks beauty is in the eye of the
beholder but I think razors matte black
and Corsairs brush metal both look
awesome so if we say that those
trade-offs all cancel each other out the
decision for me and for you probably is
going to come down to the usage
experience rather than the fancy lights
of course there includes a wrist rest in
the box which personally I find to be
very important but you might not care
and they use Cherry MX switches
whereas razer uses their razer switches
so ultimately that's the decision-making
factor for me guys
thank you for watching like this video
if you liked it dislike it if you
disliked it leave a comment if your
feelings are more complicated than this
also let me know do you even care about
our DB lighting like does anyone
actually care about this love to hear
from you guys check out the link in the
video description to support us if you
want to give us a monthly contribution
buy a cool t-shirt like this one or
change your amazon bookmark toward with
our affiliate code till we get a smell
kick back whenever you buy keyboards and
mice and headsets that helps us out a
lot thanks again for watching and as
always don't forget to subscribe